How would your current or former boss describe you?
Do you think there is a difference between hard work and smart work?
Where would you like to be in your career five years from now?
What's your ideal company?
What attracted you to this company?
Why should we hire you?
What did you like least about your last job?
What can you do for us that other candidates can't?
Can you describe a time when your work was criticized?
Have you ever been on a team where someone was not pulling their own weight? How did you handle it?
What is your greatest failure, and what did you learn from it?
How do you handle working with people who annoy you?
Give me an example of a time you did something wrong. How did you handle it?
Tell me about a time where you had to deal with conflict on the job.
If you were at a business lunch and you ordered a rare steak and they brought it to you well done, what would you do?
If you found out your company was doing something against the law, like fraud, what would you do?
What assignment was too difficult for you, and how did you resolve the issue?
What's the most difficult decision you've made in the last two years and how did you come to that decision?
Describe how you would handle a situation if you were required to finish multiple tasks by the end of the day, and there was no conceivable way that you could finish them.
What are three positive character traits you don't have?
If you were interviewing someone for this position, what traits would you look for?
Who has impacted you most in your career and how?
How do you think I rate as an interviewer?
Tell me one thing about yourself you wouldn't want me to know.
What would you do if you won the lottery?
Who are your heroes?
How many times do a clock's hands overlap in a day?
How would you weigh a plane without a scale?
With your eyes closed, tell me step-by-step how to tie my shoes.
Tell me 10 ways to use a pencil other than writing.
Sell me this pencil.
If you were an animal, which one would you want to be?
Why is there fuzz on a tennis ball?
If you could choose one superhero power, what would it be and why?
If you could get rid of any one of the US states, which one would you get rid of and why?